# 19th of November 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Deprecation Staging RFC review (RM, 10min)
https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0649-deprecation-staging.html

Team discussion of the RFC and how it impacts learning team processes and the deprecation app.

Impact to us:
- We can use this data in our deprecations app, [deprecations.emberjs.com](https://deprecations.emberjs.com)
- We need to get the data about whether it's enabled and what version, in the app
- This also impacts upcoming features

Once the stages rfc and the deprecations stages rfcs are fully implemented, we should check if we all agree whether the deprecation needs the deprecation guide to be enabled/available. At what point do we expect to have the full documentation?

IL: Can we look at the app to see what impact this would have?

https://deprecations.emberjs.com/v3.x

RM: For example, right now we group by minor versions. Once this RFC is implemented, we will have 2 different versions to show/sort by: the addon-specific version and the app-specific version. I am thinking of a redesign.

JW: What are the things we should be thinking about/doing now?

RM: We need to think about how to solve the incoherence, provide info to both addon and app developers, and put together a design.

IL: can we infer the "since" from the "available/enabled"?

RM: Yes. One idea I had was using a different background color for addons and maybe having a filter that is not persisted anywhere. We will have to add to the front matter.

CM: If you could go to a page for the version you are on, and see the list of addon and app deprecations for that version, that would solve part of the problem. But then we have a problem where we have to keep the URLs forever and also that we are representing data twice.

RM: This is why I was thinking of a button that does not have state in the query param.

JW: I think we should factor in how people come to this page - I usually got there by links in the deprecation warnings.

RM: I do that, but also I look ahead before upgrading so that there is a clean build for clients. Having the deprecation and the guide for the deprecation makes it noisy.

IL: a page per deprecation makes sense. We should also remember the upgrade guide as a way for people to navigate to this.

CM: Does the upgrade guide need to be changed for upgrading addon.

### Release week for 3.22 (RM, 5min)
RM: I took lead. If anyone wants to pair let me know. Might stream/record?

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->

## The blog release

The last few things are queued up and then we will ready for open for QA.

CM: What is the process?

JW: Give a heads up in core-meta about QA and state intent to deploy within X timeframe

IL & JG: sounds good!

CM: I still need to chat with Ember Times - IL & JG, should we loop in anyone else?

IL: We should loop in Amy about rewriting the scaper script that creates the post for the newsletter. JJ wrote the script and probably knows more about how it works.

CM: Should we call or do async chat?

IL: Either works

RM: Are we doing anything for announcing this? Let's celebrate our victories!

IL: Should we replace the Octane banner in the Guides with a blog update announcement?

JW: Seems good!

CM: It would make sense for this to be announced in the Times.

Takeaways: announce this in the Times, replace the Octane banner, and share in core-meta

## Meeting next week?

Yes. We will probably not have quorum since some people will be away for Thanksgiving.

## Outstanding handbook PRs
https://github.com/ember-learn/handbook/pulls

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
